The idea came to life based on many years of professional experience with selling vacation properties, and all the concerns associated with it. Why buy? Will we make a bad deal? Can we get what we want? Will it be more costly than anticipated? Do we have to rent it out, and if so, what about the risk and hassle? What if a water pipe bursts and we are not there? Can we sell it if we have to? Do we really want to come back to the same place every time? The 21-5 concept alleviates all these concerns.
Over the last ten years 21-5 has built a concept and a team that has brought this idea to life for more for more than 550 happy families. From our head office in Copenhagen, Denmark, the focus was initially European vacation destinations, but now we are expanding our reach to offer North American vacation homes to Canadian and American families from our offices in New York, USA and Vancouver, Canada.
Laila and Anders Koej got the idea back in 2008 and started to build the concept and organization. The first owner association was established in 2012.

Today more than 550 owners/families have joined 21-5.
From our head office in Copenhagen, Denmark, the focus was initially European vacation destinations, but now we are expanding our reach to offer North American vacation homes to Canadian and American families from our offices in New York, USA and Vancouver, Canada.
An ownership share in a 21-5 owner association is for you who dreams about traveling to your own - not one - but five beautiful vacation homes in the best possible locations in the US and does not want the hassle of maintaining and managing the properties.
Out of our more than 50 employees, we have a handful of extremely experienced team members who have bought, renovated and sold properties for many years. Further more, many of us have previously been realtors with leading positions.
The homes are pre-defined in terms of location and number of bedrooms. We only pick the best locations that are the perfect setting for both relaxing under the sun and activities such as tennis, golf or skiing. The homes are furnished and decorated to be full of warmth and character. You will immediately feel at home when you arrive and enjoy high-quality furniture and materials, modern living standards, authentic local character and open/bright spaces. Contemporary homes with warmth.
Yes, the combined preferences expressed by the 21 owners is a part of our selection process when finding and purchasing the five vacation homes for the owner association.
No, all the vacation homes are solely owned by the 21 owners in the owner association.

21-5 will manage the vacation properties on behalf of the owner association. This includes, but is not limited to, the daily administration, finance, maintenance, booking and owner association communications and annual general meeting.
A 21-5 ownership share is a 1/21 share of five vacation homes what you can use for up to 17 weeks per year. You own a 1/21 share in the five vacation homes, i.e. you will be on the title/deed together with the other 20 owners.
You will own 1/21 of each of the five vacation homes in the specific owner association. In other words, you will be on the title/deed for each of the five homes, i.e. you own a 1/21 share of the partnership owning the properties. You will benefit from any market value appreciation if/when you sell your share. In a timeshare you don't own any real estate, but has the right of use at a specific property at at specific time. 
Further more the 21-5 vacation homes are individual homes, often detached homes, with top-notch location, exposure, furniture, etc. Typically timeshare properties are part of a resort/hotel marketing and sales concept.
All the contractual paperwork is handled by our Vancouver, Canada, office. You don't have visit lawyers or notary public offices in the various vacation home locations. 21-5 takes care of everything re. the search, purchase, renovation, furnishing, maintenance and administration of the homes.
Every owner association is designed and priced individually. For more information, please click on the WHY tab on the front page.
Every 21-5 owner association has 21 ownership shares, and therefore can have up to 21 families/owners. One family can potentially own more ownership shares, but no so many that they obtain a majority vote.
All owners meet once a year at the annual general meeting (AGM). If you can't make it, you can hand over a power of attorney. The AGM is the only recurring event. Besides this, you decide how much contact you wish to have to your co-owners.
21-5 is today strictly for private individuals and families.

We are working on a solution to offer corporations and businesses, but it will always be a completely separate owners association. In other words; owner associations consisting of families and individuals are different from owner associations consisting of professional organizations and will never be mixed together.
Yes. Every 21-5 ownership share gives 1 vote at the annual general meeting.
Once every year. Besides this, there might be held special general meetings if recommended by 21-5 and the owner association council representing the 21 owners/families.
For the same reasons should you buy a single vacation home for yourself - you should buy when you are ready. 
Some of our owners/families have joined a 21-5 owner association even though they won't use the vacation homes several years from now - because it made sense to invest now as opposed to later when market prices could be higher.
The two main differences. First, through a 21-5 ownership share you have ownership and use of five vacation homes, not just one property as in most sharing concepts, e.g. fractional ownership, and maybe even more importantly, with a 21-5 ownership share you don't have to worry about the daily management of the five vacation homes. Secondly, 21-5 takes care of all the work associated with the purchase, renovation, maintenance and administration of the homes.
From the inaugural meeting where the owners get to meet each other, it usually takes 12-18 months before all five vacation homes are ready for the owners. We want to make sure every home lives up to our high standards re. location, exposure, views, layout, quality, potential, etc. We look at a lot of potential homes before the right ones are found and bought. The vacation homes are handed over as soon as renovation, furnishing and interior design is completed. They are handed over as they become ready.
In Europe 21-5 has different types of owner associations. Something we plan to have in North America as well. 

The quality of the homes, i.e. location, exposure, renovations , furniture, etc. is identical no matter what type of owner association. The main difference is the size of the homes, specifically the number of bedrooms.
Do you recognize the feeling of being interested in a vacation home - but having difficulties deciding which county and/or area you prefer? With 21-5 you have a unique opportunity to acquire a vacation home in many locations at once, and thereby trying out these destination, before you might decide to sell your 21-5 ownership share and buy your own vacation home. Or maybe you realize that it's far more gratifying having many different vacation options of your own homes available, as opposed to going to the same vacation spot every time. 
A notable advantage with a 21-5 ownership share is that you will have co-ownership and access to vacation homes which monetary value is significantly higher than your ownership investment. Roughly factor 3.5. Also, you won't have to deal with the hassle of property maintenance and management that usually comes with vacation home ownership.  
Should you decide to sell your 21-5 ownership share, we are convinced that you'll have had a very positive experience and gained valuable knowledge that will make buying your own vacation home a lot easier.
If you are not sure where to buy, but are thinking about the locations we've picked, a 21-5 ownership share is a unique opportunity to get a really good feel for the locations before you might buy on your own.
As a combination of our experience administrating the existing 21-5 owner associations and local market knowledge from the locations included in the current owner association being offered.
Primarily because this would add significant transactions costs to the 21-5 ownership shares, as we would have to first purchase the properties and then sell them to the 21-5 owner association. Costs that would be handed over to our 21-5 families/owners. 
We purchase the vacation homes when the 21-5 families/owners for the specific owner association have been assembled. Not only does this save significant transaction costs, it also gives the families/owners the opportunity to share their preferences for each location.
No, pets are not allowed in any of the homes.
No, all the homes are smoke free zones.

On an on-going basis, as needed.
All the vacation homes are insured as needed, both building and content insurance. The cost is included in the monthly maintenance fee.
No, additional booking points are not available for purchase. 
If you have used all of your points, you are welcome to contact some of your co-owners, and see if you can acquire some of their unused points.
No, all owners are equal in each of the individual owner associations - everyone pays the same, and no one has any special benefits.

The maintenance fee covers all the ongoing costs for the vacation homes and their administration, for instance property taxes, insurance, repairs and inventory replacement, any strata/HOA fees and administration incl. owner association communications, support and meetings . Your only expense, besides the monthly maintenance fee, will be cleaning and utilities (electricity, water and heat) for those weeks you enjoy one of your vacation homes. 
Down the road, should there be any major repairs (e.g. new roof) that are not covered by the owner association's contingency fund, the costs will be shared equally between the owners/families.
The purchase of a 21-5 ownership share could, for instance, be financed by a home line of credit based on the existing, sufficient, equity in your current home of residence. 
The vacation homes themselves are purchased in cash, with no financial liability/liens for the owner association.
Your 21-5 ownership share gives you up to 17 weeks of vacation in your five homes. You will receive a password for your owner association's member site, where you will find the booking system. Here you'll see how many point you have (you receive 770 point every year), which weeks in which vacation homes are available, how any point any given week will cost, and you can book the weeks you want. You will be guided through the system, which is user-friendly and easy to navigate. 
The booking system is very flexible and gives you the option to book several continuous weeks in one, or more, of your five vacation homes.
The booking schedule is always open two years ahead.

There are certain booking rules to make the system fair for all owners/families. For instance, you can't book the same weeks in one vacation home every year, unless other owners/families have had the opportunity to book those specific weeks first.
Just as if/when you sell any asset you've owned, federal and local taxes will apply when you realize a capital gain. Should you face a capital loss, it can be included as a deductible on your income tax statement. We advise all our 21-5 owners to seek their own professional advise regarding these matters, as they pertain to their personal financial situation.
We always recommend to have a professional expert help you go through the financial and contractual framework with your specific best interest in mind.

You should find comfort in knowing that more than 350 families have already gone through the material and given it thumps up, including many lawyers and accountants.
When you have decided to buy a 21-5 ownership share, you sign up for a 21-5 owner association. You will receive a confirmation that a spot has been reserved for you in your requested owner association. We will meet in person, as we at 21-5, on behalf of the given owner association, have to ensure the right fit for our owner associations. Assuming all is good, you will receive the contractual framework to read and sign. This is the entry ticket to the inaugural meeting of the given owner association where the owners/families get to meet each other for the first time. Here you will also sign the owner association charter which is how you legally commit to your 21-5 ownership share and your owner association. After the inaugural meeting you will be asked to transfer the funds to your specific owner association's bank account and the 21-5 team will begin the search for your vacation homes. 
Note that you don't commit and transfer any funds until you've met your co-owner families.
You decide the price - just as you would decide on the listing price if you were to sell your own home. Ultimately, it is the supply and demand that sets the final sales price. 21-5 will be more than happy to give a price assessment and also to help sell your ownership share. So far, the demand has been far bigger than the supply of 21-5 ownership share re-sales.
You can either find a buyer yourself or have us help you - or both.

If you find a buyer on your own, your sales cost will be the transaction costs plus an administration fee to 21-5. If 21-5 takes care of the sale, you will pay an additional sales commission to 21-5.
Yes. All the owners/families will be included on the title/deed of each of the five properties with equal ownership shares. In some cases it makes sense to establish a separate legal entity, owned by the families, to be on the title/deed.
No. You can only sell your 21-5 ownership share as one. In other words, you can sell your 1/21 share in all of the five vacation homes and the right to use these homes accordingly.
The funds deposited will go solely to the purchase, renovation, furnishing/interior design and fee to 21-5 - nothing else.
No. Unless your own owner association decides to raise more funds. This has not happened so far.

Yes, your 21-5 ownership share gives you the ability to book up to 17 weeks per year in your vacation homes. You are more than welcome to have your close family and friends use some of those weeks. You are not allowed to rent out your vacation homes and thereby obtain rental income. The homes are only for the 21 owners/families and their close family and friends.
No, you can't buy a 21-5 ownership share with another family. But you can share your weeks with close family and friends.
The owner association can decide to divest one of their properties. In case one of the five properties is not used very much, it makes sense to replace it with a property at a different location. The owner association can also decide to transfer the sales proceeds to its 21 owners and then only have four vacation homes in their owner association. It requires a majority vote at a general meeting to make any significant decisions, including to terminate the association and sell all its properties.
A budget is done every year, including planned maintenance. Any unexpected maintenance will be done when needed. The condition of the vacation homes are monitored by 21-5 and the owner association council representing the 21 owners/families.
In case one of the owners/families does not pay their maintenance fees, the other owners in the association can exclude the non-paying owner.

This triggers a forced sale of that owner's ownership share. The other 20 owners/families will never be affected by such a situation, as the ownership association holds a 12 months maintenance fee buffer from all owners in their bank account. It is only the non-paying owner/family who can suffer any financial loss in this situation. The system is built to always protect the owner association.
You can change your mind all the way up until the inaugural meeting, where you get to meet all the other owners/families in your owner association. At the inaugural meeting you confirm your participation, sign the founding charter, and become a member of the owner association. If you don't sign the founding charter, you walk away without any legal or financial commitments. We don't want families in our owner associations who are not 100% committed.
The investment in a ownership share has no further costs than the investment itself and a cash deposit of 12 months maintenance fees for the five vacation homes.
Owning real estate, no matter what type of ownership, does come with a gradual increase of the maintenance costs. You should therefore expect an increase similar to the general price index, i.e. inflation.
No, because the homes will be found and purchased when an owner association has been inaugurated. The sales material and contracts will give a detailed description of the vacation homes to be purchased, e.g. location, type, exposure, size, look and feel, etc.
Within reason. For instance, you can keep your skis and boots at the Whistler home. But having said that, it is obviously limited how much personal stuff you can leave behind.
Yes, and the majority of the owner associations have done that. Bicycles are a great additional feature at most of the locations.
Yes, there is TV in all the homes. Both cable and streaming services are available.

Yes of course. All the homes have wifi.
The sales material, including this website, describes the locations for the five vacation homes.
When selecting and renovating the homes we take a lot of considerations, but the homes are not specifically tailored towards special needs users.
The owner who occupies the vacation home - or the owner who has lent out the home to close family or friends - is responsible if something is broken. Items and incidents included in the home insurance plan, are obviously covered through this, and if something breaks down or deteriorates because of natural wear and tear, it will be covered by the owner association.
Every 21-5 family receives their own key to all five vacation homes. There are extra keys in the homes.
No, all the 21-5 vacation homes are purchased in cash and therefore carry no loans of any kind.

A key feature of having a 21-5 ownership share is that it's easy and uncomplicated. All you have to do is plan your vacation and that's about it. 
You are encouraged to participate at the annual general meeting - or give a power of attorney to a co-owner to vote on your behalf.   
You are obviously obligated to pay your monthly maintenance fee, but besides that, your obligations are few, except to treat the homes like your own. Because they are.
The homes are professionally cleaned after every stay. You can book additional cleaning, should such a need occur.
Every owner association has its own member site where you can find photos and contact details for all 21 families.
When you arrive to your vacation home, there will be clean bed linen and towels on the beds.
Yes, we only furnish with high quality mattresses, duvets and pillows.

